seo keywords = "squirt nasıl yapılır", "fışkırtma", "vajina orgazmı"

Have you ever wanted to make a woman squirt… and watch her enjoy the most intense, full-body orgasm of her life?

Her eyes roll back as she squeals in ecstasy. Her body shakes as you feel her vagina get super-tight around you, and she just lets go in a volcano of wet bliss while she soaks the sheets with her pleasure.

There are several resources available to learn how to do that, but I want to give you the opportunity to become the absolute master at making your woman – or any woman – squirt.

If you’re a guy who wants to give his lover the most amazing orgasm she’s ever had, this is for you.



How to Make a Woman Squirt
Squirting, or female ejaculation is not a new phenomenon. There are references in ancient texts to “female semen,” for example, in the Kama Sutra.

For years, scientists thought squirting or gushing was due to women having weak bladders, and experiencing continence problems. Now we know that’s not true.

Every woman can ejaculate, just like every man. It’s simply a matter of understanding her body and using the right sequence of sex moves.

With a little bit of know-how and a fair amount of patience, you can master the technique yourself.

Foreplay is Crucial
Squirting orgasms tend to be pretty big orgasms. And she won’t be able to achieve those if she isn’t fully turned on.

You’ll have a much better chance of making her squirt if she’s hella horny first, so make sure you’re building up to your squirting technique. Start with flirting, teasing, some lighter foreplay.

Kiss her neck, lick her nipples, and squeeze her hips. Talk dirty to her while you softly rub her pussy. Give her clit some slow licks to really warm her up.

If she’s into it, you can also edge her. That’s basically an arousal secret weapon. Every time you do it, she’ll get more and more turned on and desperate for an orgasm.

Get her breathing heavily. Make her pant and moan and squirm. Then she’ll be ready for what’s coming next.

Focus on Her G-Spot
Women have an organ analogous to the male prostate that is able to produce a liquid that can be ejaculated upon orgasm. Not all women produce ejaculate, though.

The first time I squirted with a partner, I was riding his dick in a squatting pose. His cock was buried in my pussy. I was grinding against the base of it rubbing against my lips and clit until it made me come hard.

By far the most common type of climaz women have are clitoral orgasms, but the only way to make her squirt is with G-spot stimulation.

You shouldn’t neglect her clit. Rubbing and licking it is a great to get her turned on and warmed up. Pleasuring her clit while you’re giving her internal stimulation is the way to make her squirt.

Use Your Wrist
When you’re using your fingers to pleasure a woman’s G-spot, chances are you’re doing one of two things.

You’re either pushing your fingers in and out of her pussy or you’re keeping your hand in place and moving your index and middle fingers in that “come hither” motion.

Both of those are fantastic. They feel really fucking good and do a good job of stimulating the G-spot.

What they both do, though, is rub the G-spot.

If you want to make your partner squirt, you should press it or tap it instead.

There’s something about steady, direct pressure on the G-spot that encourages some very wet orgasms.

And pressing the G-spot is all about using your wrist.

Slide your middle finger and ring finger inside her. Using these two fingers, apply constant pressure on either side of her G-spot, with the heel of your palm against her clit. Instead of rubbing, hold your fingers in place and just move your wrist.

You don’t want to apply a lot of pressure when you’re massaging her G-spot, in fact, it might be uncomfortable if you use too much force.

Move your hand in a rocking motion and your fingers will press her in the perfect spot to make her gush.



Get The Rhythm
Some women, like myself, tend to prefer slow or soft stimulation. My best orgasms tend to come from slow and steady action. But squirting’s different. You definitely have to get the right tempo.

So, really put your arm into it. Use up as much energy as you can.

You might end up feeling a bit sore. Your arm will probably need a break after you’re done. But it’s worth it to give her such an explosive orgasm.

Get Her to Push
A lot of people don’t realize that making your partner squirt is actually a two person job.

You have to put in some of the work. You have to get her turned on. You have to use the right moves and press her G Spot just right.

But to increase the chances of squirting, she’ll have to flex her pussy muscles.

When she feels herself about to cum, encourage her to push. It might make it harder for you to move your fingers and press against her G-spot, but it’s going to make it so much easier to get the results you’re both aiming for.

Don’t Stop!
If her G-Spot is nice and swollen from all the manual build up, and you’ve always wondered what it would feel like to be inside a woman when she ejaculates, this is the perfect time to switch it up and head for the home run!

The most important part of g-spot directed intercourse is your thrusting technique, which you can modify specifically to aim for an ejaculatory orgasm.

More than anything else, being conscious of the location of her g-spot and aiming to hit that spot with every stroke with maximize the chances of getting all the way to ejaculation. If you have any kind of bend or curve to your member, you can play up this characteristic so that the curved bit hits her in just the right spot.

Squirting orgasms are very cool, visually appealing, and a good, fun time in general.

But the best thing about them is that they don’t have to be one and done. I’ve managed to have several squirting orgasms in a row.

So, if you enjoyed making your partner come and gush, you don’t have to stop. You can keep making her squirt over and over until she’s spent, starting to get sore, or wants to move on to some other kind of action.

Just keep pressing her G-spot as long as your wrist – or your dick – can take it and see how much she can handle.

Master this trick and she will be quite happy! But do you want know more?

