seo keywords = "vajina yalaması", "vajinanın yalanması", "am yalamak"

She’s on top, knees planted on either side of your head. She looks down at you with that slow, knowing smile. Her hips hover just above your mouth — close enough that you can almost taste her.

One hand against the headboard for balance, the other grips your hair as you tease her sweet pussy with your tongue.

And the wetter she gets, the better it feels.

Most couples fall into the same one or two positions every time. That’s comfortable… but it’s also limiting. The truth is, different angles create completely different sensations. Some make her feel worshipped. Others make her feel deliciously exposed. And a few can take her to places she’s never been before.

Give your woman maximum oral pleasure with any of these surprisingly sexy pussy-eating positions. Most are super easy to perform, but a few are for the more adventurous. Each move will surely get your girl coming for more!

1. Muff Diver
Sometimes it’s best to go back to basics. This one is simple, easy, and comfortable. It allows the lady to lie on her back, bend her knees, and spread her legs. The man can lie on his stomach and perform oral with ease.

Most of the time you want to tease her pussy before you eat it. This is a comfortable position to kiss her inner thighs or let her feel your breath.



2. The Plumber
Great sex position for those more submissive men out there. For this one the guy is crouched on the floor under his partner, while she can comfortably stand with one leg propped up.

It’s easy to do. Let her put a foot a couch or chair while you kneel and eat her out.

From this position you can easily lick her clit and finger fuck a woman until she’s doe-eyed and her legs are shaking.

3. From the Back
If you’re feeling adventurous, try bending her over a kitchen counter or the bathroom sink and tongue her to ecstasy. This standing sex position is spontaneous and can be done almost anywhere.

While you lick her inner lips, use your thumbs to gently spread her outer labia or massage around her clit.

4. Spread Eagle
The classic pose where she sits on the edge of a bed or raised surface with her legs spread, and you kneel in front of her paying homage to her pussy. This gives greater access to all the essential parts without fearing the dreaded neck cramp.

Resting her legs on your shoulders offers greater accessibility and allows her hips to tilt. One of the simplest positions for both partners, Under the Hood is ideal for both quickies and long, languid lick-fests.

5. 69
There’s a reason this is a classic: it’s so damned easy. You both have easy access to each other, and it requires no gymnastic ability — an all-around winner.

Both of you have two hands free, so there’s no excuse for you to keep them to yourself. Let them explore every inch of each other.

While she’s sucking your cock, suck her clit into your mouth. While you hold her clit between your lips, flick the tip with your tongue. Start off slow and gradually build up speed.



6. Facesitting
For this cunnilingus position, she straddles her partner with her pussy right over his face. It’s similar to “69,” but she’s sitting upright.

This is the ideal position for her to grind. Keep your tongue straight and flat, and use your hands on her thighs to guide her as she grinds herself against your mouth.

She is also within arm’s reach of his cock. If she so pleases, she can tease you while you’re giving her oral.




7. Head Rush
It looks difficult because it is. My partner complains of neck pain if we are in this position for extended amounts of time.

While it is extremely pleasurable because of how exposed and close she is to my face, it does stress her upper back.

This one is best used after edging her close to orgasm, then letting her finish in this position while blood rushes to her head.

8. Sideways 69
Try this relaxed version of the classic 69; you might not realize just how good of an oral sex position it can be.

While lying on top of each other is all fun and nice, try spicing it up by doing it from a spooning position, lying on your sides.



9. Under the Hood
This position is perfect to show off your pussy-licking skills.

She lies on her back and brings her legs up to her head. You’re on your stomach with your face between her legs.

Placing a pillow under her hips will lift her pelvis and give you an optimal angle to eat her out.



10. Box Lunch
Have her kneel on the bed with the tops of her feet resting over the edge. Her upper body should be stretched forward comfortably on the bed.

Hold her butt and lick between the inner lips of her pussy and up and down over her clit. Since her vulva is upside-down, your nose is going to be pressed against her perineum.

It leaves so many different opportunities for you to stimulate her clit and anus. You can use a small vibrator to really ramp up the pleasure!

Any of these techniques will already set you apart from most guys… but do you want to go all the way and really drive your woman wild?

Well, here’s an incredible program I found that will teach you the real secrets pornstars use to give women mind-blowing, body-shaking orgasms.
