seo keywords = "erkeğin zevk noktaları","erkek en çok neyden zevk alır", "erkek erojen bölgeler", "erkek haz noktaları", "erkek neyden zevk alır"

14 Erogenous Zones for Men

G-spot, P-spot, A-spot — these are a few of the big players in the world of erogenous zones. These sensitive body parts produce sexual pleasure when touched, and they cover you from head to toe.

When you think of male erogenous zones, the usual suspects probably come to mind, like the penis, scrotum, and maybe the perineum. But did you know your armpits are erogenous zones? And don’t forget about your earlobes or lower back — yep, more erogenous zones.

Keep reading to take a tour across your body, Magic School Bus style, to explore male erogenous zones and learn fun ways to turn on these turn-ons.

Now to the fun part. Just where are these erogenous zones, and how can you explore them?

Let’s start with the lesser-known body parts you may have overlooked in your last foreplay session.

1. Scalp
You may not view the barber’s chair as an erotic place — but have your partner rub or caress your scalp and see what happens.

The scalp is home to numerous sensitive nerve endings. These nerves can be stimulated by directly touching the skin or even gently tugging or combing the hair.

There’s another reason you may want your scalp touched during or before sex: stress relief. Studies show scalp massage lowers stress hormones and activates the parasympathetic nerve (the nerve system that relaxes the body).

2. Earlobes
Ever heard of an eargasm?

According to research, both men and women may include ears in their top 10 erogenous zones — along with more obvious contenders like the penis, scrotum, and perineum.

You might find pleasure in having your partner kiss or nibble your earlobe. Or you can explore the inner ear with some erotic whispering.

Playing solo? Check out ASMR videos online.

ASMR (autonomous sensory meridian response) is a tingling feeling some folks experience while listening to stimulating sounds, like whispering, page-turning, or light scratching. ASMR studies show these sounds can activate the reward center of the brain and increase emotional arousal.

3. Nape of the Neck
The nape of the neck is the back of your neck, just under your head. It’s another highly sensitive place rated pleasurable by both men and women.

Light touching, kissing, or tickling in this area can send tingling sensations throughout the whole body. This is a good one to try while spooning if you happen to be the little spoon. You can return the favor if and when you switch positions.

4. Nipples
Nipple play isn’t just for the ladies.

Though a woman may find (or admit to finding) nipple stimulation more arousing than a man, it’s still considered a male erogenous zone.

One study looked at 148 men and 153 women, all under 30. Nipple or breast stimulation caused or enhanced sexual arousal in roughly 82 percent of women and 52 percent of men. Only about seven percent reported that nipple play decreased their arousal.

Want to have your nips stimulated? Experiment with different pressures, from light touches to intense pinches. Clamps are another adventurous option.

5. Armpits
If you’re ticklish under your arms, armpits may not be your ideal erogenous zone. But don’t pass them up too quickly.

The lightest touch with your finger or a feather can help you avoid your body’s tickle response and send shockwaves through your body.

The armpits are also a prime source of pheromones, natural body chemicals that can elicit a response in your partner. If your partner is female, she may react positively to these pheromones while stimulating your armpit.

A 2003 study found that when women sniffed the secretions from a man’s armpit, male pheromones prompted the release of luteinizing hormone (LH), which plays a key role in fertility. But that’s not all. The pheromones also reduced tension for the women and increased relaxation.

6. Lower Stomach
After the armpits, make a pit stop at your lower stomach, specifically the area between your belly button and pubic hairline.

You or your partner can use body parts — fingertips, tongue, and lips all work — to stimulate this area. Or you can play with an ice cube or another type of sensory object.

Being so close to the genitals can be especially arousing, so have your partner camp out for a while.

7. Inner Thigh
Speaking of being close to the genitals, can you get any closer than the inner thigh?

The upper inner thigh is home to the ilioinguinal nerve, which delivers sensation to the bottom of the penis and the top of the scrotum. Kissing, stroking, or nibbling the sensitive skin there can be a thrilling buildup to oral sex.

8. Sacrum
The sacrum is also called the small of your back. It’s located just above the buttocks.

Being connected to the pelvis makes this area extra-sensitive. Have your partner run their fingernails over the area or drip hot wax for that hurts-so-good sensation.