seo keywords: "doggy pozisyonu" "doggy" "domalmak" "domaltma pozisyonu"
Last Longer in Doggy Style
Try these tricks and make the grande finale mutual.

Last Longer in Doggy Style
Try these tricks and make the grande finale mutual.

By Jason Wade -July 23, 2022
All right, this might not be that surprising. Doggy style is always among the top sex positions regardless of age or gender. But sometimes, the sexing just doesn’t last as long as it should, even if she was making it crystal clear that she absolutely, positively did not want you to stop, if you catch my drift.

If you surf the internet for any time at all, you’ll find articles galore about lasting longer during sex… and most of it is total bs. So let’s skip the math problems and pinching your dick, here are five proven sex hacks that will help you last longer.

Switch it up
Some people say start and stop. A better idea? Try pulling out for a moment to get her wetter. Then get back to business.

Alternating penetrative sex with other pleasurable things is a good way of keeping her into it. Trust me, when you’re both 100 percent into it, it’s a million times better.

Use a Condom
It’s a well-known fact that wearing a condom will delay orgasm. Besides the desensitization effect, wearing a condom also prevents you from having to “pull out” while ejaculating, which may make the difference between your girl finishing or not.

It also helps to use a condom specifically created to help you last longer, in case you need something a little extra.

Lean into it
One of the many things women like about doggystyle sex is the deep penetration.

Slow down, use small moves, and try different angles of stimulation to keep the fun going longer.


Don’t Stop
Fact: Men are capable of multiple orgasms. You’re going to get her off more than once, so don’t think of it as one and done for you either. Change the condom and get back inside her to keep your erection from subsiding.

The more you cum, the longer it will take you to orgasm again.

