seo keywords = "klitoris nerde"

The clitoris is a small, sensitive organ located in the female vulva. During sexual stimulation, the clitoris becomes aroused, and understanding its anatomy and function can enhance sexual pleasure and well-being.

Location
The clitoris (glans clitoris) is located in the vulva, which includes all the external female genital organs. In contrast, the vagina is an internal organ with an opening in the vulva.

The various vulvar structures include the following:1

Mons pubis, the rounded fatty area in front of the pubic bone (where hair grows)
Clitoral hood, a fold of tissue from the vulva that covers the clitoris
Clitoris (glans clitoris), an erectile organ in the vulva near the front of the body, under the mons pubis and in front of the urethral opening
Urethral opening, the opening where urine leaves the body, located between the clitoris and vaginal opening
Vaginal introitus, the opening to the vagina
Vestibule of the vagina, a small triangular-shaped area around the vagina
Labia majora (outer lips), two prominent skin folds along the sides of the vulva (this area grows pubic hair)
Labia minora (inner lips), two smaller flaps of skin running along the inside the labia majora
Bartholin glands, located in the vestibule on either side of the vagina, these glands secrete mucus to lubricate the vagina

Anatomy
The glans clitoris, about 3/10 of an inch long and half as wide, is the visible part of a larger internal organ.2

The clitoris (clitoral body) extends into the inner pelvic area, branching out to form a V shape. These inner parts are up to 5 inches long and attached to the pubic bone and other structures with ligaments.3

The two V-shaped pieces (crura) surround the vagina. Inside each one is spongy tissue, the corpora cavernosa. Between the crura and vaginal walls are two vestibular bulbs (one on each side).

The bulbs and corpora cavernosa are erectile tissues that swell with blood when you’re sexually aroused, increasing lubrication and sensitivity. Their swelling also puts pressure on the vagina, triggering additional lubrication.

About 10,281 nerves (on average) travel through the crura into the external clitoris, creating intense sensitivity that can lead to an orgasm.4 However, the exact number of nerves varies from one person to the next, depending on variables like age.

