seo keywords = "göğüs emmek", "meme emmek", "memeyi emmek"

What does a nipple orgasm feel like?
Many people describe a nipple orgasm as something that sneaks up on you and then explodes out of nowhere. The sensations spread throughout your whole body as the pleasure builds slowly and gradually. Then, bam! You’ll feel a powerful climax that’ll come in waves.

A nipple orgasm may feel even more intense during menstruation. Hormonal changes during menstruation can increaseTrusted Source breast sensitivity and tenderness, which may heighten arousal.

Can everyone have one?
In theory, yes! But it may take some trial and error until you discover what works for you, or that nipple play may not be for you at all. The only way to know is to give it a try! And who knows? You may have a lot of fun.

Wait — men can have nipple orgasms, too?
Yep! Men can absolutely have nipple orgasms.

Talk with your partner about what techniques they’d like to try, what makes them feel good, and what you need to avoid. The method is the same, and communication — plus a sense of adventure — is key.

How to pinch, stroke, twist, and more
You can try nipple play on your own or have your partner give it a go. Don’t forget: You can do more than just play with your nipples! Exploring the rest of your breasts may help with arousal.

If you aren’t sure where to start, you may find it helpful to:

Start slowly by first focusing on your breath: Take long, deep breaths to help you relax and get out of your head and into your body.
Tease yourself by playing with other erogenous zones: Use your fingers and hands to stroke your belly. Then move on to your rib cage, and then around and in between your breasts. But don’t touch your breasts or nipples just yet — let the sensations build up first.
Use a light touch to circle your breasts and areola with large strokes: Then ease into a gentle breast massage. When you’re ready, give your breasts a little squeeze.
In between massaging and squeezing, trace your areola without touching your nipples: This will help build up anticipation.
Now that you’re hot and excited, move your fingers over to your nipples: They should be erect. Start rubbing your nipples slowly, increasing speed and pressure as you become aroused.
Ramp up the pleasure by pinching your nipples: A pinch will send a rush of sensation throughout your body. The harder the pinch, the better — but play around with pressure to find out what feels best to you.
Don’t limit yourself to pinching: Try giving your nipples a slight twist or pull to see what gives you the most pleasure.
Bring yourself to the edge of orgasm, pull back, then repeat: Play with your nipples and rub your body to create waves of orgasmic pleasure that ripple through your body. Arch your back and rock back and forth as you let your hands wander.
When you’re ready, push yourself to your limit and let go: Enjoy the rush as you experience that big O.

If you want to try with a partner
All the techniques you’d use in a solo session can be followed when playing with a partner. But there are other things your partner can do to add to the experience, whether it’s during foreplay or right before you orgasm during intercourse.

If any of these techniques pique your interest, talk with your partner:

Hot breath: Your partner starts by slowly breathing warm air around and onto your nipple to stimulate the nerves.
Licking: There are so many ways your partner can lick your nipples. They can trace little circles around your areola, flick your nipple with the tip of their tongue, or use the flat of the tongue to cover more surface.
Sucking: You don’t have to limit it to just licking. Your partner can suck on your nipples, too. Having them draw your nipples into their mouth will stimulate extra blood flow and increase sensitivity.
Nibbling: If you’re into it, have your partner nibble a little bit on your nipples for added sensation.
If you want a different sensation entirely
Now that you know the basics, it’s time to ramp things up. Add in some fun extras to really get things hot, whether you’re solo or with a partner:

Oils and lotions: Applying warming oils and lotions all over your breasts may enhance arousal during nipple play.
Ice: Adding ice to nipple play can send chills throughout your body and cause an instant nipple erection.
Vibes: Nipple vibrators are a great hands-free way to massage and stimulate your nipples as well as feel sensations throughout your whole breast.
Clamps: Clamps, whether vibrating or not, can tease and titillate your nipples by giving you versatility. You can wear the clamps loosely for a little bit of fun or tighten them to apply pressure and intensify arousal.