seo keywords = "erkeğin g noktası",  "g noktasi", "erkeklerin haz noktası"

Everything You Need to Know About the ‘Male G-Spot’
The prostate is great at producing quick and powerful orgasms but also plays a role in sperm production.

Heard whispers of the “male G-spot” and the intense, full-body orgasms the spot is capable of producing? Turns out they’re all true.

Unlike the elusive female G-spot, which may or may not exist according to some researchersTrusted Source, this erogenous zone is relatively easy to locate.

Here’s everything you need to know about finding it and what to do with it.

What is it?
The “male G-spot” is also called the P-spot; the “P” stands for prostate. The prostate is a walnut-sized gland located just below the bladder.

The prostate primarily aids in reproduction by producing seminal fluid and helping sperm live long and prosper after they’re propelled from the penis.

How do I find it?
You can reach it in two ways: internally and externally. Both ways can feel ahh-mazing, so it comes down to your comfort level (or your partner’s).

Internally
If you want to get up close and personal, the anus provides the most direct way. It’s located about 2 inches inside the rectum. That’s about first-knuckle deep if you have average-length fingers.

Externally
You can indirectly stimulate the prostate via the taint (perineum). That’s the landing strip of skin that runs between the scrotum and anus.

Taint nothin’ wrong with opting to reach the P-spot this way if either you or your partner are looking for a less penetrative option.

How do I stimulate my partner’s prostate?
Hitting the P-spot requires open communication, some essentials, and a little know-how.

Have a chat
You can’t just knock at someone’s backdoor uninvited, no matter how hospitable they’ve been in the past. And if anal play is new territory for them, a frank discussion to make sure they’re on board is a must.

Communicate openly and honestly, and keep things light. Remember that what turns you on may not be their thing, so be respectful of their choices.

Their booty, their prerogative. Be sure to get clear consent before you go there.

Gather your materials
You didn’t think you could just go in there willy-nilly, did you? There are a few things you’ll want to have on hand when you go searching for the P-spot:

Lube: There’s no such thing as too much lube when it comes to anal play. Choose a silicone-based lube to help reduce friction and prevent painful chafing or tearing.
Barrier protection: Sorry to spoil the romance, but poop comes out of the butt. That’s a fact. And where there’s poop, there’s bacteria. Plus, no matter how much you wash your hands, there’s probably still some bacteria under your nails. Placing a condom or latex glove over your finger or having your partner use an internal condom is a good idea if penetration is on the menu.
Anal toys: Sex toys aren’t mandatory, but they sure can spice up prostate play. Some butt plugs are shaped with prostate stimulation in mind, which can make finding the P-spot easier.
Wipes: Also not mandatory, but wipes are a good idea for freshening up before and after anal play. Alcohol-free wipes can help avoid irritation.

Check your hands
Before getting your hands all up in their business, be sure to thoroughly wash your hands and trim and file your nails so they’re short and smooth. This will help prevent the spread of bacteria and injuries.

Set the mood
The prostate is a part best played with when a person is relaxed and fully aroused. Some ideas for setting the mood:

a hot bath or shower
sensual massage
exploring their other erogenous zones
foreplay
Go to town
Ready to get in there, find that magic spot, and send them to another place with your mad skills? Once your partner is sufficiently relaxed and you’re both ready, take things slowly by externally massaging their prostate.

To do this:

Use the tips of your index and middle fingers to rub, stroke, or press the perineum.
Experiment with different sensations by trying different pressures and speeds to find what they like best.
Use your other hand to pleasure other parts of their body, like stroking their penis or gently squeezing their balls.
Encourage them to tell you what feels good and what they want more or less of.
When they’re ready for more:

Apply lube to your finger(s) and slowly — like a snail’s pace slow — insert your finger into their anus an inch or two in, and start moving your finger in an upward motion toward the front of their body.
Gently feel around to locate the prostate. It feels like a rounded bulb of tissue, similar to the tip of your nose.
Once you locate it, move your finger in a “come here” motion over and over against the prostate.
Again, ask them what feels good and how they want to be touched: Faster? Slower? More pressure?
If you’re both up for it, simultaneously stroking or sucking them off can really kick the pleasure up a notch or 10.

Do I need to do anything if I’m on the receiving end?
If you’re the one on the receiving end of prostate play, your main objective is to sit back and relax. Still, there are a few things you can do to enhance the experience.

Be vocal
Keep the lines of communication open. Tell your partner what turns you on. Discuss boundaries, like whether you want to stick to external stimulation or take it inside.

Use the bathroom
Prostate stimulation can make you feel like you’re gonna pee, and anal penetration can bring on the sensation of needing to poop. When you combine the two, well, you can imagine what might happen.

If you do both beforehand, you can enjoy all the feels without worrying about an accident.

Get comfortable
We all have our hang-ups when it comes to our bodies, including our butt and sex. To keep them from interfering with your good time, do what you must to be totally comfortable before butt play.

For some, this means a thorough shower. Others might prefer an enema to clean things out first. But again, do whatever makes you comfortable (even if it’s nothing).

Enjoy the ride
Prostate play is all about pleasure, so do what you need to enjoy the ride. That means incorporating toys, asking for more or less lube, changing positions, and speaking up if something doesn’t feel right.

How do I get in there?
With a little contorting, you can probably reach the prostate using all kinds of positions, but here are three easy ones to get you started.

Facedown
To do this:

The receiving partner lies facedown with their legs slightly apart.
The giver sits next to them on the side most comfortable for them. The giver slides a pillow under their partner’s hips to help slightly raise their butt as they massage their prostate.
Doggy
To do this:

The receiver gets down on all fours.
The giver kneels behind them to reach their anus.
On the side
To do this:

The receiver lies on their side and brings one leg up to their chest.
The giver sits behind them to reach their anus.


