seo keywords = "vajina nasıl yalanır", "vajina yalamak"

What do women really want in bed? Oral, lots of oral. And trust me, no matter how good you think you are at it, your oral sex skills always have room for improvement.

Oral sex can be one of the best ways to pleasure a woman, but it seems to be a challenging move for a lot of men. In my opinion, the problem is they’ve never learned how to eat pussy “the right way.”

What is the right way to eat pussy? Keep reading, I’m going to tell you everything you need to know.

Master the Art of Cunnilingus
I know I’m not the only woman who thinks this way, but eating pussy is something every guy should learn how to do. It’s an art that separates a good lover from Mr. Average.

As a single, hetero woman, I have been with men who ranged from the one who had no idea what he doing downtown to another who was so skilled that I can almost cum just thinking about it. He was an exception.

pussy lickingHere’s the thing: Most men see oral sex as a brief pit stop en route to the main destination. Because of that, they don’t put much energy into honing their skills.

There are quite a few out there who can’t seem to locate the clitoris, let alone bring a woman to orgasm by eating her pussy.

This is all good news for you, my friend.

If you put even a little bit of effort into sorting out your approach and technique, you’ll set yourself miles ahead of the pack. When you’re through, she’ll be blissed out, panting and doe-eyed, looking at you like you’re an absolute rock star.

So what’s the secret? It’s not complicated. With just a few simple techniques, you can easily become an expert cunnilinguist.

Start Slow
Some guys will jump head first off the high dive into her lap and start lapping her up like their lives depended on it. However, her experience will be way more pleasurable if you start slowly.

Work your way down her body paying close attention to her breasts. Once you’re down there, kiss her inner thighs and slowly get closer to her labia.

By starting slow and switching up the intensity from high to low and low to high, you create sexual tension, which eventually spills over in the form of orgasm.

Ask her what she wants
If you’re confused and unsure of what she wants, ask her! This is especially helpful with a new partner.

cunnilingus tips Something that worked with one woman may not work with another.

Does she like you to insert a finger or two while you’re giving her oral sex? Does she enjoy having her labia licked? Is her vaginal opening particularly sensitive? You will not know unless you ask her. A woman’s vulva is as unique as a snowflake and no two are the same.

Being able to communicate with your partner is extremely hot.

She’ll appreciate that you care enough to find out what brings her pleasure.

Focus on her clit
Some women have huge visible clitorises — the size of a big bean — others have such tiny ones, you wouldn’t bother eating it if it were a pea.

If you’re searching for her clit but still can’t find it, there is a foolproof way…

Let her feel your warm breath on her pussy before touching her with your tongue. Just pause and stop everything, with your mouth so close… Remember, it’s all about teasing.

MORE: Oral Pleasure Secrets To Give Your Lover Explosive Orgasms

When she’s reached the breaking point, put your tongue in her pussy. Thrust inside her inner lips and feel around the entrance to her vagina with your tongue. The entrance is more sensitive, so this will feel good but it won’t give her an orgasm.

Slide your tongue from the bottom toward the top — in the direction of her belly button — you’ll reach a point where the lips meet. It’s in this area, the upper corner where the inner labie meet is where you’ll find the clitoris.

Do this for a little while, tracing your wet tongue up and down from the entrance to her vagina to where the lips meet and the clit should start protuding from its hood.


The clitoral hood is the flap that protects the external clitoris, much in the same way foreskin does for an uncircumsized penis. For many women, direct clitoral stimulation can be too intense, especially at the onset of oral sex.

Run your tongue lightly along the labia and vaginal opening. Lick all around the area before putting your tongue on her clitoris.

Once she’s sufficiently aroused, you can try touching the clit directly. Pull back the hood by placing your hand on her bush and gently pushing back toward her belly button.

Start off lightly. Lick it up, down, and all around, but remain focused on and aware of the pressure of your tongue.

A good place to start is clockwise or counterclockwise circles around her clitoris using mostly the smooth underside of your tongue. Most women prefer either up-and-down or circular motions. Don’t flick it.

Use Your Fingers
If she enjoys internal stimulation during oral sex, simultaneously stimulate her clitoris and G-spot. The G-spot is less of a “spot” and more of an “area.” It’s the area that surrounds the urethral sponge. When stimulated, you’re accessing the root of the clitoris, the back end that you can’t see externally.

To find the G-spot, insert two fingers into the vagina and hook up towards the belly button, behind the pubic bone. Make a “come here” motion with your fingers or move your fingers in a circular motion.

Don’t forget to pay attention. G-spot stimulation isn’t every woman’s cup of tea. Experimenting is great, but be willing to learn and hone your skills with each new partner.

Pay attention
The simple ability to pay attention takes average oral sex-givers into the big leagues.

Listen to her moans and feel her movements. If she’s making positive sounds and pushing her hips into your face, you’re on the right track. If she’s pulling away or lying there like a starfish, do not keep doing whatever it is you’re doing.

You can tease her a little bit, but if she’s getting into it, don’t change or stop. That’s listening to her body.

Keep it consistent
The number one rule of great oral sex is consistency. What one person likes, another may not. Every single body is different and likes different things.

That being said, when you find something that’s working, stick to it.

If her body is responding positively, keep going. If she isn’t feeling it, try something else.

Is she telling you to keep going? If she is, keep going. Do not stop making that movement with your tongue.

The clitoris is not the only area you can explore, but it is the center of the action.

Keep your tongue moving to build up the sexual tension and momentum. Establish a rhythm and tell her gently to take a few deep breaths.

It’s a Tantric Sex technique that works wonders at any point by relaxing her and facilitating her orgasm. Use your tongue at this point in one, long up and down motion. Repeat.

Signs of escalating excitement can include deeper breathing, moaning, grunting, or moving her hips in sync with you.

Try different positions
I’m sure you’re familiar with the classic pussy eating move, where your lover lays on her back while you lay or kneel between her legs.‍

If you and your partner aren’t entirely sure yet what works for you both, this is a good place to start.

Want to take it up a notch? Laying on your back, encourage her to straddle your face with her thighs at your ears, giving you unfettered access to all sides of the clit, the opening of her pussy, and her inner thighs.

You can let your partner take control and do what they want with your face, or you can tease them by varying the speed and types of tongue strokes you use. If you have a headboard, they can hold onto it for support just in case the pleasure becomes debilitating.

The best way to lick pussy is to start slowly, focus on her clitoris and labia, pay attention to her reactions, and adjust your rhythm based on what feels good for her. Communication, patience, and consistency matter most.

Don’t be afraid of toys
Sex toys make an excellent addition to oral. They are fun, not threatening. Embrace toys. You can use a finger vibrator on her external clitoris while you stimulate her G-spot, place a G-spot wand in her vagina while you lick her clitoris, or try a combination.

Ask her how she likes to use sex toys, if she uses them. If she’d prefer to use it on herself, watch how she maneuvers the toy. Use your tongue to lick up and down the labia and to get the vaginal opening in on the action.

There are so many toys to choose from. You can even use that massive wand vibrator you love so much. The possibilities are limitless.

Make her cum =)
Almost as important as consistency: Do not give half-assed oral sex. Once you start, do not stop until she has an orgasm.

Encourage her to relax and take her time. So many women are afraid of “taking too long,” making it nearly impossible to cum. Tell her how sexy she is an how much you enjoy going down on her. The key is to put her at ease so she can get off.

If she’ll let you, hold her hips in place and take her through to a second orgasm.

Any of these 7 tips will set you apart from the average guy, but do you want to go all the way and really drive your woman wild?

