seo keywords = "kilitoris nasıl uyarılır", "kilotoris", "klitoris yalamak", "klitoris nasıl uyarılmalı", "klitorisi yalamak"

Where do I start?
First thing’s first, start by using that mouth to communicate. It’s so important to discuss with your partner what each other likes, and your limits. Does your partner like to be tongue-f***ed? You won’t know unless you ask. 

“The best head you’ll ever give someone is one that they really want to receive,” certified sex educator Georgia Grace, brain behind @thegspot tells the Hook Up.

“So the first thing is to ask what they like and what they don’t like, what they’re into, what they’re not into.”

And in this chat, cover consent. It doesn’t have to be awkward or sterile, or involve a form or an app (ffs). It can be so sexy to say “I’d love to kiss you between your thighs, would you like that?” phew, I’m getting hot just writing it.

OK, we talked, what next?
Georgia says some good outercourse (fka foreplay) can help build arousal and anticipation for the main event.

“Don’t just get your head in between the legs but intend to arouse their body by stimulating their erogenous zones by kissing, touching, stimulating other parts of their body and really building up that arousal,” Georgia says.

“Then, another practice that vulva owners really enjoy is teasing, so moving between the legs, teasing using your breath or the warmth of your body, maybe a slight touch and then moving away, you can also tease using underwear.”

“Then starting to kiss around or near the vulva, there’s whole vulva stimulation so a lot of people try and find and start stimulating the clit straight away but there’s a lot of sensitive tissue all around the vulva so stimulate that with kisses or licks.”

Alrighty, noted. Now it’s time to tuck into the main course.

Hot tips and techniques
Georgia says you have a lot of options once you go full mouth to flaps:

The ‘flat out’: “so that’s having the flat part of your tongue and moving it in an upwards direction across the inner labia up to the clitoris or the glans of the clitoris”
The pointer: “using your tongue in a more pointed technique that can allow for you to have more direct stimulation so with that you might go up and down, side to side, in circles around the clitoris”
Sucking: “having your mouth around the clit and lightly sucking. Some really enjoy that sucking sensation, others won’t so you’ll need to check in to see if they like that and always start light because it is quite sensitive”
Then feel free to get your hands involved, fingering the vagina, or stimulating other parts of the body. You can also use your tongue to penetrate the vaginal opening, just get right in there.

Here are some more practical tips from Bella:

“Try making your mouth into the shape that it makes when you make an ‘ah’ noise, and then place your upper lip just above the clit, make sure that your top lip is covering your teeth, and then have your bottom lip just above the vaginal opening, and apply a bit of pressure there, and it means your partner can grind into you and you have a really strong anchor point, then your tongue is free to roam from there.”

Remember, every vulva-owner is different! Experiment, try different things and listen out for their feedback.

“I think it’s great to use a range of techniques and strokes with your tongue but if you find one that’s working, you don’t need to spell out the whole alphabet,” Bella says.

If you get a head grab (as long as you're ok with it) or some good moaning or writhing, you know you're onto a good thing. You can of course, also take a breather and ask.

“Stick with what works when your partner really enjoys something or gives you feedback when it’s working, stick with that.”

How to breathe!
A recent study found that heterosexual women take an average of 13.41 minutes to orgasm while having sex with their long-term partners (women in non-heterosexual encounters and vulva owners who aren't women may take about the same time, we don’t have the research).

So, knowing that you might be in it for a while, you’re going to need to get your endurance up.

“I think breathing is really important, you’ve gotta get some air in there if you’re eating puss for a long time,” Bella says.

So it's important to make like a swimmer and get your breathing technique down to last the distance.

“I think the best way to do that if your face is right up in the puss, if you tilt your head kinda from side to side, you can get a little air in through the sides of your mouth, If you’ve got a nose that’s buried in puss, it’s a good way to get some air because you should be prepared to go down for a long time.

“Some people do take longer, you’ve got to commit to the bit.”

