seo keywords: "boyun emmek"

How to start maximizing the pleasure of the neck
Going in for a neck kiss can happen as a natural extension of a steamy make-out session, but it doesn’t need to stop there. It’s important to remember that everyone is different, so what turns one person on may be less than pleasant for another.

Go in and start softly
Unless you know your partner prefers a little tooth action, start with soft, gentle kisses down the back and sides of the neck. Pay special attention to the nape of the neck—the area at the back of your neck just below your hairline. For many people, this spot is particularly sensitive and can be accessed from behind quite easily (which is fun as foreplay or during intercourse)! If that doesn’t do it for your partner—or even if it does—try moving towards the collarbone and the front of the neck to see what makes their toes curl.


Talk about hickeys, then avoid or embrace them
Sucking on your partner’s neck can be a huge turn-on, but if the duration is too long, it might lead to a hickey. Sometimes known as a love bite, a hickey is a dark red or purple bruise caused by intense suction. Though typically associated with the thin skin on the neck, you really can get them anywhere. If your goal is to avoid hickeys, suck your partner’s neck lightly and briefly, taking care not to suck the same spot more than once. I personally don’t want a love bite, but I do understand the appeal. A partner giving me an unwanted (and very visible) mark can be a deal breaker, so communicate with your partner about comfortability.

Add some tongue
If you’re looking to heat things up a little more, alternate between kisses and a little bit of tongue. Licking the neck may seem weird in theory, but it can really help move things in a hot and heavy direction. Bonus points if you gently blow on the places where your tongue has been—the cool sensation on the skin will make them shiver with pleasure and anticipation. The neck is also a great place to try out some temperature play with ice cubes or cooling gels if you’re into that!


Don’t stop at the neck
Shake things up by kissing, licking, and sucking other areas of your partner’s body—such as their lips, collarbone, shoulders, breasts, or chest in between neck kisses. Peppering in the sensual neck kisses throughout all of sexy time keeps the anticipation high and the sensation as strong as possible!

Combine it all
While neck kisses can be excellent foreplay, there is no harm in adding them in while other things are happening. Kiss, suck, and lightly grab your partner’s neck during intercourse or while you bring them closer to the edge with your fingers or sex toy of choice. Whether you’re in missionary or going at it from behind, sneaking in a few sensual nibbles will surely kick your orgasm to the next level.