
seo keyword= "anal pozisyonlar", "anal seks pozisyonları" 

Good news: Anal sex is becoming less and less taboo. And that’s GREAT news, Seriously, I’ve come across plenty of women who LOVE ass play.

Anal sex provides a different kind of fullness and, with the right partner, can be really, truly intimate especially if it’s a first for both of you.

Of course, not every woman is going to be into anal. I mean, is any sex act a universal turn-on?

But many women are here for it, and some can even have full-on anal orgasms. With the right positions and a few helpful pointers, you could be one of them.

Key general advice:

Plenty of lube is non-negotiable.
Go slow and communicate constantly.
Start shallow to stimulate the nerve-rich first 2 inches.
Focus on relaxation and her control over depth/pace.
Here are 15 wonderfully wild and kinky anal sex positions for your enjoyment.

Spooning
Oh, spooning — the lazy girl’s move for vaginal, and now anal, sex. This position is great when you don’t want to make eye contact, like when your partner is up your backdoor. Plus, skin on skin is hot.

Both of you lie on your sides, facing the same direction. You bring your knees up slightly while your partner slides up behind your pelvis and enters you from behind.

The Sphinx
The Sphinx is perfect for shallow penetration — which you should definitely try if you haven’t already.

Most of the nerves in the anus are in the first two inches of the opening, so this is a great way to get that stimulation even if you’re an anal sex beginner.

Lie on your stomach with one leg drawn up, and have your partner straddle your lower leg, entering from behind.


Backdoor Missionary
Anal sex positions are often a face-away-from-each-other kind of deal, but this one allows you and your partner to get some eye-contact in during sex. That adds to the whole intimacy thing.

Have your partner enter you from the missionary position. Keep your knees pressed against his side to control how deep he goes, putting your hands on his chest for extra resistance.

You can also add a pillow underneath your hips, to get the pelvis in the perfect place for penetration.

The Screw
She lies sideways at the edge, one leg raised. He stands and enters with that delicious twisted angle. Every slow press and grind feels different — deeper in new places.

The twist creates unique side-wall and deep-spot stimulation. The edge-of-bed setup gives her stability while allowing her to push back and grind at her own pace.

The Clapper
Reverse cowgirl may not be your favorite for regular P-in-V action, although your partner probably LOVES it. For anal sex, the position is amazing. You get to control his depth and thrusting with relative ease.

Get on all fours with your feet together and have your partner sit behind you. Ease backwards onto his erect cock and slide down at your leisure.

Have your partner stimulate your clit, while you offer them an ultra-sexy view of your backside.


Tail Pipe
If you’re interested in standing anal sex positions, this is a great choice. The skin-to-skin contact is also super hot and sexy.

It’s ideal for long, deep strokes, giving your nerve-rich anal opening plenty of attention.

Lay across the edge of the bed or a sturdy table, with your feet touching the floor and your lover behind you.

Spread your ass and push back into his cock. Swivel your hips to control the speed and motion.


Edge of Bed
She scoots to the edge of the bed, legs open and ready. He stands and presses in slowly — the perfect height for controlled, deep anal pleasure with easy communication and eye contact.

The height alignment gives excellent leverage and control. She can easily adjust depth and angle while he maintains a stable standing position. The edge makes entry smoother and allows natural shallow-to-deep progression.


Hot Seat
This position is perfect for people who are relatively new to anal sex because it’s easy to pull off but still hot. You can control how far down you sit onto your partner, so you can go as deep or as shallow as you like.

Have your partner sit on the edge of a bed or a chair. With your back to him, slide down on top of him.

Rodeo
Anal sex in the cowgirl position is especially hot because it gives the person on top all of the control. It’s also super easy for you and your partner to reach around and finger your vagina or rub your clitoris.

Have you partner lie down faceup, then straddle them. Slowly slide yourself down at your own pace. Lean forward, placing both hands on your partner’s chest or shoulders.

Face Off
This face-to-face pose is touted as one of the most intimate and romantic sex styles there is. Make it the anal version, and you take the heat up a notch.

Here, you’re as close to your partner as possible, and get some eye-contact time that can be oh-so-hot. Have your partner sit on his knees. Climb on top of his lap facing him. Use your hands to guide his cock into your your ass.

One note: He’ll likely feel pretty deep, so go slow.

Bulldog
If you’re someone who regularly engages in anal sex, you’ll really love this position. Raising your hips makes him feel deeper and allows you to reach under you to stimulate your clit with a toy.

There’s also something really hot about the submissiveness that comes with getting fucked into the mattress.

While on your knees, lean forward and place your chest on the bed. Have your partner enter you from behind.

For deeper penetration, have him stand above your hips and spread your ass with his hands.

Spork
The Spork is really, really hot for any kind of sex—there’s the intimate eye contact, the intertwined legs, and the slightly twisted angle of penetration.

Try it as an anal sex position and it might become your favorite.

While you lie on your side, draw your legs toward your chest so he kneel behind you at a 90-degree angle and enter your anus.


The Back Door
Doggy style is the classic anal sex position for a reason: It’s perfect for deep penetration, and you can arch your back for even deeper thrusts, which can help target that infamous A-spot.

Get on all fours, and have your partner enter you from behind. From here, your partner can easily stroke your nipples or clitoris, too.

Upright Doggy
The only thing that makes anal even hotter? Having your partner play with your nipples and rub your clit while he’s inside you. It’s fucking awesome.

You may find it easiet to enter this position from classic doggystyle, then ease back until you’re sitting upright.

Another sexy move? Have him grip your wrists and hold them by your side while he fucks you.


Full Throttle
If you’re a woman who loves deep penetration, this appropriately-named position is a must-try.

Not only does the angle give him full entry, you’re also in the perfect setup for a finger or a toy in your pussy. The result? Total pleasure.

Lying on your back, bring your legs up to your shoulders. Have your partner enter you from above, using his hands to balance above you.



